Corporate Development · Stockholm Office
AI & Innovation Lead

Apply for this job

Sambla Group is a fintech company with a clear goal – to make loans better for all. We need you, your ambition and your skills on our journey. We have become the fast-growing fintech company that we are today - bridging the gap between borrowers and lenders - thanks to all the 300+ amazing people who work here.

Our success is the result of the commitment to deliver the best customer journey and consumer finance products in the industry. Our vision is to democratize lending and empower customers to improve their personal finances. Through our well known brands such as Sambla, Advisa, Rahalaitos, Omalaina, Rahoitu and DigiFinans we support customers in consolidating and getting the best terms on their loans.

As the AI & Innovation Lead at Sambla Group, your primary focus will be on driving business transformation and growth through AI and innovation initiatives. You will be at the heart of our quest to push boundaries and redefining what is possible for our company. You will work across all aspects of the business to enable innovative solutions that enhance efficiency, customer experience and our competitive advantage and lead the agenda for development and deployment of Generative AI, Intelligent Agents, Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and advanced analytics. Your role combines strategic vision with technical leadership to foster a culture of continuous innovation, identify new value opportunities, and unlock the full potential of AI to accelerate business success.

Responsibilities:

Lead the AI & Innovation team and own the AI & Innovation strategy and roadmap across the business
Identify opportunities for value creation and efficiency across the business through use of AI, automation and advanced analytics
Develop use cases and business cases and recommend prioritisation of initiatives to Sambla Group Management and Board
Lead development and deployment of AI & Innovation projects from scoping through deployment and scaling to transition projects from idea to proof-of-concept/value to production
Lead and drive the adoption of various Gen AI solutions, Intelligent Agents, and RPA initiatives across Sambla Group, including developer experience, end-customer solutions, and automation via multi-agent workflows.
Maintain effective stakeholder management to ensure alignment, support and progress
Design and guide best practices and architectural guidelines for AI model development, testing, deployment, monitoring, and auditing, with a focus on responsible tech
Must-Have Requirements:

Deep demonstrable expertise in AI, particularly in LLM and RPA, with a strong background in data science or engineering
An academic degree in software engineering or data science.
Proven track record in leading digital transformation projects and AI product development/deployment
Strong knowledge in Generative AI technologies, platforms, and Intelligent Agents
Excellent managerial and organisational skills and demonstrated ability to lead teams and complex projects effectively
Expertise in project management and agile methodologies
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment
In addition to the must-have requirements, candidates with experience in cloud-based AI solutions, familiarity with data privacy regulations, a background in machine learning and data analytics, and a vision aligned with redefining personal finances through cutting-edge technology will be highly regarded.

What we offer:

Business in mind & people at heart – we deliver results together and celebrate our achievements.
A varied and challenging role in a multinational and highly innovative company, where we value the development of our employees
We are strong believers in creating a fun workplace where people enjoy coming to work.
A friendly culture with openness and respect for one another, with the possibility to influence and make a difference on society and people’s everyday lives.

Department
Corporate Development
Locations
Stockholm Office
Employment type
Full-time
Picture of Amanda Pettersson
Contact
Amanda Pettersson
HR Business Partner – Human Resources
Related jobs
Senior Fullstack Developer - Pension product
Corporate Development · Stockholm Office
More jobs
Stockholm Office
Strandvägen 5B

114 51 Stockholm

Directions
+
−
© OpenStreetMap, © CARTO
About Sambla Group
Sambla Group is the new generation of brokers. Our ambition has always been the same - to challenge the banks’ offers so that our customers, regardless of the conditions, should always have the same opportunity to obtain the best possible loan solution. Sambla Group has grown to over 400 employees, established itself in Sweden, Norway, Finland and Denmark with offices in all markets.